[15.0][ADD] mail_no_user_assign_notification: New module (#1379)
OCA/social: mail_no_user_assign_notification/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module inhibits the auto-assign notification from the models that we want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module inhibits the assignation notification from the models that we want.
```
